One of the fun stories that I have was when I was in Australia I started,
I started to gamble. I never gambled before I wanted to see if I
could take one thousand dollars and make ten thousand dollars. I said
you know, I'm going to into this five star hotel you know, gambling
on the bottom and I said I can stop. Ten thousand dollars that's
enough for a car. I will come back and I won't gamble anymore I'll go
out into the world. I had this trick that I could do for roulette
which is like you take one dollar and if you lose it then you bet two
dollars, if you lose it then you bet four dollars, if you lose then
you bet eight dollars and eventually you're gonna win you know. Even
if you lose lose lose lose lose lose lose lose lose, if you win on
that tenth time as long as you keep doubling then you get all your
money back and you know. So anyways I tried this trick. So we went
to Australia and I was down in the bottom of the hotel and I was there
for maybe seven hours six hours on my roulette wheel. So I started
off with a hundred, I actually did Black Jack and I got into like
two three hundred and I started roulette you know with my special trick
and I got it up to two thousand dollars. So I'm like "ah I'm on
my way you know it actually does work." So I went up to my room for
that night, I was drinking champagne in the bathtub like watching TV
you know and then I thought like wait a second I'm in Australia. Clint.
Did you just spend your whole day in the gambling in a little you
know off to the side hotel and gambling spot you know like like you
can gamble in Las Vegas come on you know you should you should get
out there and try to explore the country some. So the next day I go
back down there and it's so funny there's this old lady who was there
and she was there the night before, right. I went up to you know
like take a nap and drink and I came back and she was still gambling
right. So she was gambling on the hundred dollar chip tables and before
I was doing like ten, ten dollar tables so I was like you know
what? Here is my money let me go ahead and you know try to get this
ten thousand dollars as fast as possible. So I go to right beside her,
you know she is the only one at the table. Start betting hundred
dollars, hundred dollars, hundred dollars. It's all gone. Whoop- bye
two thousand dollars. I mean I left and I enjoyed Australia so. I
like that story because it taught me to not be scared of losing money. Money
didn't have that power over me that I did when I was, when
I was a kid.